This is a great game for children
seems like it might be entertaining to its intended demographic, simplicity of elements means fast load and progression
loads very fast, doesnt require scripts to be turned off
great for kids learning math
I liked the game. For a younger child just learning math, I'm sure it's perfect. 
For children
its just a baseball game 
The game was relatively simple but the difficulty could be increased.
This seems like a game targeted towards children.
I liked that it was not time so it gave children of varying abilities the chance to do well in this game. Kids that love baseball will enjoy this game more than others so this game is not a good option for every kid. I liked that there were the options of varying difficulty and being able to pick different types of math. 
It was mildly enjoyable, but not for very long for an adult.
It would be better if you could see the pitch and the ball and see the hit go somewhere. I'm not huge on graphics; but I think it would make a difference here.
I think its great very educational and I think the kids will love it and have something to look forward to playing with and the most important thing they will be learning at the same time and they will not even know it. I have never heard of this website and I think it was really great for the kids and for educational purposes.
Very educational. Fun to play especially with kids. Very challenging!
It would be nice if the player had a button to go back to the start of this specific game.  I had to close the page and re-click the link to get back to the home page to change the level of difficulty.  
good game
improve the graphics
ok game for grade schooler but they will bored quickly
It seems like a pretty boring game. Not much better than solving math problems on paper.
If it was better animated, a little humor, and maybe had some sound effects, it would be more engaging.
The game was somewhat boring for me, but I do not think I am the intended audience, since I find basic math boring.
Could use more exciting animation; this was pretty much just answering a series of math problems.
This is flashcards disguised as a game UNFUN!!!!
I don't think this is a good game at all to try and teach. 
I'm going to show this game to my 7 year old. He'll love it \& it will probably help his math skills.
I think this is a good game for younger kids who like or are struggling in math.
OVERALL GOODGAME