I like this game a lot.
NONE
Basic problem solving, boring, and dull.
seems minimal, but slightly fun for younger groups I imagine.   Teaching them to consider amount of energy it will take to get to certain distance. 
The game should provide more immediate feedback and information about when you press a button.  Hints should come up when necessary after a certain amount of deaths.  There should be more animation to make the game more interesting.  There should be more fun gameplay like extra points or hearts.
Good for elementary
I hope it gets harder as it goes along, but id really like to introduce this game to my 4 year old, I really think hed enjoy and get something out of it.
It's fun
Pretty interesting game. Level 7 was more complicated then i actually thought it would be.
It's an interesting approach to making kids plan ahead,or to instill goal oriented thinking.  I think it's innovative and would be helpful for young children, especially.
I like the game, but I believe the sound can be change a bit. Maybe use stock sounds. The sound used now is a person voice which is fun at first but get annoying.
boring
The game is intended for kids not adults. Most adults I know would not play this game.
its very good my children would enjoy playing it and find it challenging
The game is pretty fun, it would not hold my attention for long. There is no real reward system or upgrades to keep a player hooked.
thanks for HIT
I cannot provide feedback because I couldn't get the game to even start
very frustrating when a game does not work and doesn't give any errors, just blanks out the screen
this game would be fun for very young children
I had to count where my bot was going. there should be a reference while you are playing
Maybe fun for kids for a few minutes, but really not a great game
maybe a screen to explain what the point of the odd things on the screen like the flash sign and battery signs.
The sound effects the robot made were a little annoying.
This is a good game for kids. I could see it being a fun way to teach kids to count and reason better.
My nephew will like it
It was fun and educational
I think it's great for elementary aged children to learn directions, problem solving, and more. It's also enjoyable for younger children. 
n/a
Good colors, but the sounds were obnoxious.