I thought the game was interesting enough to check out but I wouldn't play it and I don't know that my children, ages 7-15 would like it   
The questions were not as clear as they should have been.
I Loved the survey  Straight and to the point.  Provided links to references.
The Survey was a fair length and very pleasurable
I like the game
game was difficult to play
good survey
This was an interesting survey. It helped me see that many games can be educational and fun. 
This was an interesting survey.
Short survey
none
no coments
The survey was interesting.  Some of the questions were a little hard to follow.
Cool survey, thanks for linking to the game.
It was difficult finding all required things on the game website.
good survey
Fun survey doing math problems
I enjoyed the initial math puzzles.
asked same question over and over
none
this crap music is giving me a headache, and why is the evil blue person the evil person from pac man?
I DID NOT KNOW THE PURPORSE OF SURVEY. 
terminology was confusing in the questions about the game.
This survey was interesting it's like being in school again.
I didn't quite understand why all the questions.
the survey was great quick and easy to decipher and did not take that long
Nice survey. I hope yr interested in building good games. 
Not sure what the purpose of the survey is.
Interesting!
Some of the questions were asked more than once but in a different way I thought that was clever. 
I thought this survey was cool.
long
interesting survey
none
I wouldn't play this again
I really liked this survey as it relates to what I did in the past and what I do in the present. 
good job
Great since there is constant tutorial so you can learn the game. Lot's of positive feedback througout(kids need that!).
none
Great survey
The plug-in requires the browser to restart--might be a good idea to have the link EARLY on in the survey
Interesting survey.
survey was great
  
I didn't know the answers to the history questions...
Some of the questions about the encyclopedia in the game were a little confusing. 
cool
Not really exciting
The survey was repetitive. 
Some questions unnecessary.
No
Why would you study this old game? 
Decent survey, rather old game to be testing with it however. 
The questions are the same, but anyway interesting. After playing the game I have learned some new information.
A little lengthy, but I appreciate the opportunity.
Very interesting survey and fun.  Thank you for letting me participate!
Straight forward and direct.
This survey is ok I wish I would of been able to do this task more properly if the game had opened. 
hard
fun. educational, interesting
Provide how many problems will be given before proceeding to next level
Straightforward
it was simple
great for kids learning math
I don't understand the part about outside encyclopedia resources. I didn't see anything like that. 
Intresting
this survey really didnt fit this game
The survey was straightforward and easy to follow.
This survey was fairly easy, but some of the word choices in this could have been a bit different for some understanding.
I thought this survey had a variety of options but I was confused by some of the questions. I think that I would have been better able to answer the questions if there were definitions provided about some of the terms such as the game encyclopedia and referential materials. 
Mildly enjoyable.
Survey questions were a little confusing and vague. Almost didn't seem like they related to the game.
this survey was really fun , very different unlike most surveys I have taken in the past, it was interesting and hopefully i learned something new myself
Nice survey on how to rate a fun and educational game. 
Some of your questions for the game above are bit confusing or vague.  It would be helpful if you used language that was a more generic/high school level.  
it is a good idea to teach people math
children may like it
more interesting then the game
Some of the answers to the questions were a little difficult to apply to this particular game.
Nothing much.
Survey could be constructed better. Questions were unclear what they were referring too. However the responses were varied enough to fit many cases, which was useful
Some of the terminology in the survey was unclear and never defined (ex. encyclopedia of game content)
the developers of this game should feel shame.
Survey is fine.
I like the bold font on the different sections, but it would be even easier to read overall if the bold font was used throughout the entire survey. Thanks!
It was a good survey that asked the right questions
GOOD LEGNTH
Good survey
Lots of options for planning more complex moves and making the game more enjoyable 
-
Survey seems fine to me.
short and easy to complete
none
The language of the survey is a bit vague and wordy.
The survey questions all seemed pretty irrelevant to the games i was playing (lemmings)
i didn't really think the survey was an attention keeper either
None
The survey asked some very good questions. good job
It was awful.
Well written/ organized survey. Wouldnt change a thing.
easy
Some questions are kind of goofy.
None
The survey questions did not seem very good.
ok
good
none
"This game was fun" and "I had fun playing this game" seem like redundant questions to me.   Nice choice on using lemmings as the game to play (although it appears to not fully work on my computer for some reason.  Cant click on the lemmings) 
none 
fields are required. otherwise, about the same.
Survey was interesting, to say the least.
Realized that there are some games I do not like. 
I have never heard of a game encyclopedia and wasn't sure what that referred to.
okay survey, game didnt work properly for me
short and easy to complete
Eh,
The survey was very straightforward.
Survey didnt seem to match the simple game very well. But otherwise it is acceptable and understandable.
It was long and nothing at all that can be answered about this game.
The survey was good
Survey was a bit long.
Survey was actually interesting and fun.
I was aggravated that I could not play this game. 
it was not for me
Some of the questions were irrelevant to the game.
n/a
The survey was well written.
...
Survey is very detailed
I think they need another game or more of a help guide.
Some terminology is unclear
I enjoyed the survey but not the game. Thank you.
desperately needs a "don't know" or 'no fucking clue' option
its ok
Some questions are very general and not related to specific game.
Interesting survey.
Survey was fine
Very Fun
The survey was very good and to the point.
Survey was decent until I was asked to play a terrible game.
This survey uses relevant information regarding the game and material along with feedback
I like the idea of a survey involving a game.
No
too long
This survey was interesting to fill out--more so than other ones.
Great survey! 
none
The survey is very detailed. The comparison between fun and educational qualities is engaging.
More material meant for tablets would be great.
great
The game didn't load. I would like to be notified when it has been fixed so I may try again. I love games and would like to take a survey about them.
it was short
survey was good
Love it.
Survey is straight forward. 
loved it
Like the game, I think it's a little heavy-handed. Sorry.
was a little long, but certainly made sure you actually played the game.
The survey was fine and worked well.
this game is awesome
The survey is also somewhat confusing.
It was interesting and covered some important information
good job
sucked fat dick and asshole 
It's a good survey.
This game was terrible
The survey and game were very informative.
Survey was too long for the reward
Question choices about game were not clear/too similar to each other
Interesting survey
it was interesting
No comment
Survey felt very ambiguous
Survey was good.
Did not care for the game
not at all
nice survey
great for a middle school or high school to get young adults to learn more about darfur through interaction. Great concept in order to get people to become aware of what is actually happening than what the media tells us. 
this game is inappropriate. 
good
n/a
Some info initially about Dafur conflict would be helpful.
Survey is just a survey. It's clear and easy to understand.
The survey is an ok survey, but the game was more annoying than it was fun and it actually made me less sympathetic to the cause with the hidden agenda messages within it. 
EASY AND ENJOYABLE
fun to play
Great survey and I hope my input helps with your research on this game.
I wouldn't consider Pandemic an educational game and I wonder why it's being discussed here.
short and easy to complete
It was nice to have a game to play, but it wasn't the best I ever played
different
I do not think Encyclopedia was the right word in previous questions. Maybe a help guide?
This survey would be hard for people who are not well educated.Even though it is about a game the question were kinda hard.
Thank you!
GREAT SURVEY
it's fine
Some questions have relation to the game 
This survey was simple and right down to the point. Thank you for letting me be of service to you. Have a nice day.
The survey was good overall, though some of the questions were a little confusing when it came to describing the encyclopedia and such.
A good survey overall
Good survey
esy and fun
GAME OS OK
survey is straightforward
NOT AS EDUCATIONAL A GAME AS I HAD ANTICIPATED
ok
Long.
Survey was fitting for the game. 
This survey could of asked better questions.
Show disease spreading, change music 
Ok survey, a little boring.
loved it.
This is a good survey
NONE
 Pretty standard survey
There was no middle ground on the choices. Like something between agree and disagree.
Some of the language is a little strange like 'encyclopedia' which isn't used in game terminology.  It's usually just called a manual or tutorial.
Easy survey
You need more options than just agree \& disagree. Maybe give a "in between" or "neutral" option.
I love surveys
The questions were rather vague about the game.
Not bad.
I like it. Fast simple. Though some of the questions are weird since it ask for Encyclopedia for the game. But overall still enjoyable.
Survey very good 
This survey was pretty good. Some of the questions I did not understand or could be multiple choices. But I did my best
It asks very good questions
I did not like the encyclopedia question. There was a game tutorial that showed game mechanics, and you could like to the games home page were they tell you about how the game was selected. The question needs an example maybe?
Kinda annoying 
Too many questions
need more n/a options
easy survey
The redundancy was a bit annoying.
was fine, questions seemed appropriate
boring
Concise and to the point.
The survey was a bit confusing and I didn't understand all of the questions. I answered them to the best of my ability though.
Interesting
There is very low instruction on what to do with this game. Would be better if was instructed on what was expected.
Pretty easy, but I could have used some definitions. I'm not entirely sure I knew what a game encyclopedia was...
n/a
No neutral options for the multiple choice? C'mon, guys.
interesting survey
survey assumed game was playable
great game
not sure of relevancy of questions to game.
good job
great survey 
The game was boring and the questions on the test made no sense to me
Thx
Survey felt somewhat long but easy to answer
Thank you
Game was enjoyable. 
very good
The programming questions seem out of left field...
did no understand the survey
Should of picked a different game to do a survey on instead of this plain boring problem solver that a 5 year old could easily figure out.
I could not access the game.
No comments. I just wasn't feeeling it.
good survey
nothing at all
Same as per above. Thanks for the opportunity to help.
I wish we could play the game to earn bonuses 
Very long, and the questions repeat themselves at the end
way too little pay for a task like this. Average 10 cents per minute worked is best
pretty fun.
somewhat informative while causing the worker to ponder, yet somewhat curious as to its purpose.
fun survey, enjoyed it!
Interesting questions
ok
change the game
n/a