The game felt really heavy-handed. It didn't make me want to learn more about the genocide. I am really passionate about video games as a teaching tool, but I really think this is an awful way to go about it. Again, I would point to the series "Extra Credits" and specifically the episode "Tangential Learning" I think they also have other episodes on learning from VGs.
Needs to be more in depth, it is too obviously links to websites where you can contribute to the actual problem. I feel it would be better if that was more candid
I can't the site didn't load.
This game is fun
It's very confusing and not really a game at all.
It was informative and gave me some insight into what's happening in Darfur
really educational but very boring and simple
sucked fat dick and asshole
It's not well designed, nor is it fun to play. Controls are slippery. There isn't much to the game and I'm rewarded for surviving with more depressing facts about Darfur. Core elements of the game are broken.
Why would you send me to the website to play the game then ask me a bunch of game mechanic questions?
I think it's good, maybe tighten up on the functions of the controls. 
Game was not that fun
Weak control scheme, lack of effective tutorials (though this may have been designed to simulate confusion of refugees)
The arrow keys and space bar are rather hard for movement
it took a long time to load and it was pretty confusing
I'm not a huge online gamer so it took me awhile to figure it out. I'm sure someone who played games consistently would do better. I got caught nearly every time for water so I thought it was hard.
I would have liked more instruction at the beginning.
Very good educational game. Would be great for classroom education.
Did not care for it
not at all
could be less linear
seemed kind of glitchy
this game is horribly depressing, and more people should be working to end the plight in darfur. 
good
I'll play it again
It was very anxiety-provoking.
This game wasn't fun at all, but given the subject matter, I'm not sure it should be.
The game did not have options, was difficult to navigate and overall was not a fun game. 
I LIKED IT
fun, interesting facts