I do not know what an Encyclopedia of Game Content is, but I looked for anything that might be it. Didn't find it. Sorry.
I think there should be much clearer directions to this game.
not flashy  no voices to guide you  for a math game, there's no tutorials for beginners.
The Game was a very simple arcade game, only for educational purposes.
The game is fun
game was hard to play. my keyboard did not respond well to commands.
this game is too simple, relying on basic math as a foundation for entertainment is asking too much
This is a good game to play if a person is struggling with math. It's a fun and easy way to learn. Although the controls were very sensitive. 
The text could be easier to read.  The control were very sensitive.  Needs better music.
Very basic game. And the person moved too fast.
the actual website was very cluttered and the menu was confusing
have no coments
I think this is an awesome idea
Game is a classic, played it in computer class over 15 years ago. Great fun.
It was fun!
it was good
Fun game doing math problems
I have a red-green colorblind son so the green on black is going to be very difficult for him to see. Maybe choose a more accommodating color scheme since up to 8\% of males are colorblind in this way.
Practice numbers
I was not clear on the object of the game.  I clicked on solutions and moved the player but nothing happened.
game has super old graphics and obnoxious music.
THE INSTRUCTIONS WAS NOT CELAR.  THERE SHOULD BE SOME KIND OF TUTORIAL THROUGH THE PROCESS OF THE GAME. 
instructions should be marked more clearly. i never figured out how to eat the pacman. also audio was irritating
I think I will be looking for more mathematical games so I can refresh on all my math. Thank you for letting me do this study I am definitely going to find games on math so I can become an expert again.
I could see it as being helpful for math students.
the game needs a differnt type of music the same noise over and over again gets pretty annoying
Based on PacMan sorta. Kids would likely find it cute.
Very boring and antiquated controllers.
Nice throwback to the good ole days.  Great way for kids to drill math facts.
I enjoyed playing it because I love math. The game however had a few things that needed changing such as when clicking the arrows the Number Muncher shouldn't move so many places.